Merged server url flags and enabled HAPI source for batch mode (#270)
GoogleCloudPlatform/openmrs-fhir-analytics: pipelines/README.md

The next sections describe parameters specific to Batch mode. See [Common
Parameters](#common-parameters) for information about the other parameters.

> ### Batch mode using FHIR Search for OpenMRS source

Reviewer: nit (please also change the rest below):
```suggestion
### Batch mode using FHIR Search with OpenMRS as the source
```

    `given=Susan` criteria. Default: `Patient,Encounter,Observation`
-   `batchSize` - The number of resources to fetch in each API call. Default:
    `100`
    
### Batch mode using FHIR Search for HAPI source

To start Batch Mode using FHIR Search, run:

```shell
$ java -cp batch/target/fhir-batch-etl-bundled-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar \
    org.openmrs.analytics.FhirEtl \
    --fhirServerUrl=http://localhost:8098/fhir \

>     --fhirServerUserName=hapi --fhirServerPassword=hapi \

Reviewer: Are these the default username/password that comes with HAPI official docker image?
Please also consider documenting how you start HAPI. This can go into a separate PR just for documentation changes in which we also update OpenMRS related notes at the top of this page.

Author: The official HAPI docker image does not provide a default username/password, and I've used this username/password to stay consistent with the rest of our documentation. I will provide documentation changes in a separate PR that addresses how to start HAPI and updates the OpenMRS related notes as well.
